## Code files
**main.py**
main code, which takes the data, gathers and organizes all the functions of finance_processor.py, 
in order to facilitate the logic and changes, also allowing to assemble a more efficient options 
menu and options that run behind the scenes, it is always the file that should be executed.

**finance_processor.py**
code where all functions are written and programmed, in order to reduce the maximum size of
the main file and increase efficiency when executing it, also facilitating the writing of the interface, 
main.py and finance_processor.py need to be connected in the same folder, if executed it will not return anything.

## Data files
**expenses.csv**
This .csv file is the basis of the program, where the data will be read and written, 
and will be used to create the .db file, it is changed by the program when executed and can be modified from the outside, 
as long as it strictly follows the defined standards: YYYY-MM-DD, text, float, int(0-5)
otherwise the program will return an error, and it will be necessary to delete the data written outside the standard, 
or delete the file (a new one will be generated automatically when executing the program),
NOTE: by default, I put data inside the file, just to have a base, if you want to reset the data, just delete the expenses.csv 
file, the default .db file of the folder is generated through the default .csv, so it is recommended to delete it together.

**expenses.db**
It is the .db file generated through expenses.csv, the main use within this project is to 
insert data into the dashboard of this project, done through Power BI (note: when inserting from Power BI, 
configure the date column as date, and the importance as text),
Note: by default, it already comes with data inserted, just as an example to make it easier to view on the dashboard,
If you want to delete this data, delete the .csv and .db files, a new one is generated when you save the program with some data, 
it updates every time you save.

## Dashboard
**finance charts.pbix**
This is the dashboard for this project, a simple dashboard that only makes calculations and shows simple data. It was designed 
to integrate .db data generated by the program, and show some simple data and statistics. It was not designed to have a good appearance.

## OBSERVATION
**Notes:** 
every time you run the script, close Power BI completely, otherwise the .db file will continue to have the old data in Power BI.
when importing expenses data into the .pbix model, transform the date column into date, and importance into text.
This is a project designed to learn and demonstrate knowledge, it was not created with the dashboard's aesthetics in mind.